#goutil
Package goutil is a collection of utilities for working with the go/* packages and the go tool.

Download:
```shell
go get github.com/jimmyfrasche/goutil
```


Full documentation at http://godoc.org/github.com/jimmyfrasche/goutil

* * *
Package goutil is a collection of utilities for working with the go/* packages and
the go tool.

Goutil makes it easier to find, parse, and analyze Go code. It also enables
easy use of the go tool for running generated code and creating executables
from it. There are many miscellaneous utilities for easing
the use of the go/* packages.

DocParse has been extracted from the go/doc package as this functionality
is not exported.

##Importing
There are five ways to import packages with goutil:
Import, ImportTree, ImportAll, ImportRec, and the ImportDeps method
on *Package. The latter are wrappers around Import for common tasks. Import's
documentation applies to all of them, unless otherwise specified.

Imported packages are cached with a pointer to its build.Context as part
of the key. The same pointer is also stored on each Package. This means you
should never modify a build.Context after using it with this library.
If the ctx parameter to any Import function is nil, a pointer to the go/build
default context is used.

##Packages
A *Package always has its go/build Context and Package set. It has methods
to parse the files designated by its build.Package with go/ast and go/doc.

With the exception of Import, the other Import functions all return
Packages, a []*Package with methods for filter and map applications.

Some methods of Package and Packages require that certain parsing actions
be taken first, but these are always documented.

##Gostrap
Gostrap is a utility for running the go(1) command in a temporary directory.



#Bugs
* Tag parser does not handle invalid build tag sequence ,,

* * *
Automatically generated by [autoreadme](https://github.com/jimmyfrasche/autoreadme) on 2013.11.14
